              Notes for Scientific Graphics Toolkit (sgt)
                           version 2.0
                        February 12, 2001

$Id: RELEASE-NOTES-2.0.txt,v 1.1 2001/12/12 22:52:34 dwd Exp $

The major incompatability is the package name changes.  The root package
gov.noaa.noaaserver has been changed to gov.noaa.pmel.  This was done
to reflect the organization of origin rather than the project
responsible for the toolkits inception.  The
gov.noaa.noaaserver.sgt.datamodel package was renamed to the shorted
gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.dm, since all the packages were renamed anyway.

Packages gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.contour, gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.swing, and
gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.swing.prop added.  These packages were added to
support contouring, swing, and attribute editing with swing dialogs.
The swing components replace and extend the awt classes which have
been deprecated.  The current development plan for sgt includes
removing the deprecated classes from sgt.

Package gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.demo older awt classes moved to
gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.demo.awt.  These classes were moved out of demo to
prelude the dropping of support for awt.

Packages gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.awt and gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.util have been
deprecated.  These packages contain classes based on awt whose
functionality has been superceeded by classes in
gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.swing and gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.swing.prop.

NOTE: 

Package gov.noaa.pmel.sgt  (formerly gov.noaa.noaaserver.sgt)

New Interfaces:
    AbstractPane
    ContourLevelAccess
    IndexedColor
    LabelDrawer
    Moveable
    TransformAccess
    TransformColor

New Classes:
    CLIndexedColorMap
    CLTransformColorMap
    ContourLineAttribute
    DefaultContourLineAttribute
    IndexedColorMap
    JPane
    LabelDrawer1
    LabelDrawer2
    LayerStack
    PlotMark
    PointCollectionKey
    TransformColorMap

New Exception:
    DataNotFoundException

Classes moved to gov.noaa.pmel.util:
    GeoDate
    Point2D
    Range
    Range2D
    Rectangle2D
    TimePoint
    TimeRange
    IllegalTimeValueException

Package gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.dm  (formerly gov.noaa.noaaserver.sgt.datamodel)

New Classes:
    PointCollection


Package gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.awt  (formerly gov.noaa.noaaserver.sgt.awt)
    Entire package deprecated support of awt will be removed after
    version 2.0. See gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.swing for replacement classes.

Package gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.contour
    Contour and ContourLine support contouring in sgt.  These classes
    used by GridCartesianRenderer.  The classes were designed so that
    the ContourLine would be accessible by the user application.
    Labeling is handled such that labels can be added or removed after
    the contour line has been generated.

Package gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.demo  (formerly gov.noaa.noaaserver.sgt.demo)

New Classes: (These classes all use swing)
    JGridDemo
    JLayoutDemo
    JPointDemo
    JProfileDemo
    JRealTimeDemo
    JTimeSeriesDemo
    PseudoRealTimeData
    TAOMap

Classes moved to gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.demo.awt
    GridDemo
    LayoutDemo
    PointDemo
    ProfileDemo
    TimeSeriesDemo


Package gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.util  (formerly gov.noaa.noaaserver.sgt.util)
    Package deprecated.  Support for awt will be removed after version
    2.0.  See gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.swing.prop for replacement utility
    classes.

    JClassTree moved to gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.swing and Units moved to
    gov.noaa.pmel.util 

Utility classes in package gov.noaa.pmel.util

New classes:
    Domain
    Point2D.Float
    SoTDomain
    SoTPoint
    SoTRange
    SoTRange.Double
    SoTRange.GeoDate
    SoTValue
    SoTValue.Double
    SoTValue.GeoDate

The SoT classes were introduced to make creating Time/Space neutral
applications easier.  The SoT classes are used by the Transform and
Axis classes.

JDK 1.1.8 compatability.  

The following classes will not compile using a jdk 1.1.8 compiler.

   JPane   (imports java.awt.print.*, java.awt.Graphics2D)
   LabelDrawer2  (depends on Java2D)
   JGraphicLayout (extends JPane)
   JPlotLayout (extends JPane)
   JLineProfileLayout (extends JPane, deprecated)

   All the demonstration applications in gov.noaa.pmel.sgt.demo use
   JPane.

   The following ..swing.prop classes refrence JPane
   GridAttributeDialog
   LogoDialog
   PointAttributeDialog
   SGLabelDialog
   SpaceAxisDialog
   TimeAxisDialog

While these classes won't compile using jdk1.1.8, if compiled with a
Java 2 compiler they will run under jdk1.1.8 if you don't print.  The
swing classes haven't been tested under the jdk1.1.8 swing
implementation. 

